player:alison
map:m1
    room:f1,story line,You find yourself in a tall tower with no memory of how you got there. Unfortunately your hair is not as long as rapunzel's for you to escape out of the window. All you have is your wits and the willingness to get out of here.,false
    room:r1,top floor,The walls are lined with dark wooden panels. To the south is a sturdy wooden door made with iron hardware.,false
        equipment:e12,hammer,A small hammer put together with a stick and a sharp iron object,true,open door,d1,ex1,You break the door down with your small yet might hammer
        container:d1,door,A wooden door,false
        item:c1,wood,Wooden stick,false
        item:c2,iron,Sharp iron object,false
        exit:ex1,south,A door to the south,r2,true
    room:f2,story line,This room appears to be the tower's treasure reserve with glittering gold coins scattered about. Don't let the riches distract you—focus on the diamond door to your east.,false
    room:r2,treasure reserve,The room is dominated by a massive vault pressed against gold-plated walls. To the east is a towering door crafted entirely of diamonds.,true
        item:g1,coins,Large stack of golden coins,false
        equipment:k1,key,Small bronze key,false,open,v1,k2,A golden key is in the vault
        container:v1,vault,Large metallic grey vault,false
        equipment:k2,key,Golden key,true,open,d2,ex2,You open the door using your golden key and look down a long and narrow pathway
        container:d2,door,Large wooden door,false
        exit:ex2,east,A door to the east,r3,true
        exit:ex1,north,A door to the north,r1,false
    room:f3,story line,You have entered the game's shop. You can purchase any item of your choice here assuming you have the credits required to purchase the item.,false
    room:r3,shop,Welcome to the shop Alison. You can buy any equipments you may need for the future in this shop. Feel free to look around and make a purchase. Please make a purchase my boss says he'll fire me if I don't make a sale today.,true
        equipment:s1-50-buy,sword,A large sword with a diamond tip that can cut through everything for 50,false,kill,l1,rm1,You have killed the lion and now there is rotten meat on the floor
        equipment:p1-100-buy,potion,Magic potion that enlarges everything for 100,false,enlarge key,k4,k5,The small bronze key has enlarged into a giant key
        exit:ex2,west,A door to the west,r2,false
        exit:ex3,east,A door to the east,4r4,false
    room:4r4,pathway,Pathway,true
        exit:ex3,west,A door to the west,r3,false
        exit:ex4,east,A door to the east,r5,false
    room:f5,story line,Whoa! A lion rests in this room. You could try to take it down while it sleeps or gamble on slipping away quietly and hope that your choice doesn't come back to bite you later. LITERALLY!,false
    room:r5,lion room,The dungeon has a cold stone floor scattered with the bones of long-dead animals.,true
        container:l1,lion,A lion that has fallen asleep,false
        equipment:rm1,meat,Stinky and rotten lion flesh,true,feed,w1,a1,The witch turns into a beautiful woman and drops an apple on the floor. She runs back to her family eager to meet them again after 700 years!
        exit:ex4,west,A door to the west,4r4,false
        exit:ex5,east,A door to the east,6r6,false
    room:6r6,pathway,pathway,true
        exit:ex5,west,A door to the west,r5,false
        exit:ex6,east,A door to the east,7r7,false
    room:7r7,pathway,pathway,true
        exit:ex6,west,A door to the west,6r6,false
        exit:ex7,east,A door to the east,8r8,false
    room:8r8,pathway,pathway,true
        exit:ex7,west,A door to the west,7r7,false
        exit:ex8,east,A door to the east,r9,false
    room:f9,story line,You step into a room with walls gleaming in gold. Your gaze is drawn to a magnificent fountain. As you approach the fountain you notice a witch meditating quietly behind it. To the south is a pathway leading you out of the room.,false
    room:r9,witch room,Walls gleaming in gold and a magnificent fountain scaling the entirety of the room,true
        container:w1,witch,A green coloured long nosed witch,false
        equipment:a1,apple,A red apple,true,throw,n1,placeholder,Yay! you just helped newton discover gravity
        exit:ex8,west,A path going west,8r8,false
        exit:ex9,south,A path going south,r10,false
    room:f10,newton,You stand in complete awe realizing that you've somehow time traveled. Before you Isaac Newton sits calmly in a watermelon garden.,false
    room:r10,newtown,Isaac Newton sits quietly in a strange watermelon garden. To the south is another pathway.,true
        container:n1,newton,Isaac Newton,false
        exit:ex9,north,A door to your north,r9,false
        exit:ex10,south,A door to your south,r11,false
    room:f11,story line,You step into a grand room filled with beautiful paintings and a magical river. You try crossing the river but you are unable to. Try building a bridge to cross the river,false
    room:r11,magical room,A grand room with its walls lined with beautiful paintings. There is a mysterious (maybe even magical) river flowing across the room,true
        item:c3,rope,Long and thick rope,false
        item:c4,wood,Wooden logs,false
        equipment:c34,bridge,A long bridge that will help you cross the river,true,cross,r1,ex11,You have constructed a bridge to cross the river
        container:r1,river,Magical river,false
        exit:ex11,south,A path going south,7r12,true
        exit:ex10,north,A door to the north,r10,false
    room:7r12,pathway,pathway,true
        exit:ex12,south,A bridge going south,7r13,false
        exit:ex11,north,A bridge going north,r11,false
    room:7r13,pathway,pathway,true
        exit:ex13,south,Bridge going south,r14,false
        exit:ex11,north,Bridge going north,7r12,false
    room:f14,story line,Now I am become Death; The destroyer of worlds,false
    room:r14,library,You enter a library so massive you can smell the paper and leather from the books. A few books are displayer in the centre of the library. To the east is an archaic door constructed in the style of 10th century Indian architecture.,true
        item:j1,Java Programming,Java Programming book,false
        item:h1,Harry Potter,Harry Potter and the Sorcerer of Stones,false
        item:p1,Peter pan,Peter pan the extended version,false
        equipment:gb1,BhagavadGita,Old Hindu religious text bhagavad gita,false,search,placeholder,k3,A key falls to the floor
        equipment:k3,key,A large golden key,true,open door,d14,ex14,The door has opened
        container:d14,door,Large door made with a rock with scriptures on it,false
        exit:ex14,east,A path going east,r15,true
        exit:ex13,north,Bridge going north,7r13,false
    room:f15,story line,You stand in a vast garden where a gigantic chest dominates the landscape. Made of pure gold it’s so enormous it could easily dwarf twenty elephants. To the south a strange-looking gate stands its design unlike anything you've seen before.,false
    room:r15,garden,Vast garden with a gigantic chest made out of pure gold dominating the landscape. To the south is a strange-looking gate,true
        item:k4,key,Small bronze key,false
        equipment:k5,giantKey,Giant bronze key,true,open giant chest,g1,ex15,A genie flies out of the chest and opens up the gates
        container:g1,giantChest,Giant golden chest,false
        exit:ex15,south,A path going south,r16,true
        exit:ex14,west,A path going west,r14,false
    room:f16,story line,It seems you're on the brink of escaping this wretched place. Ahead of you lies an open area the vast expanse stretching out with mountains rising to the east. The path ahead is clear, but you’ll have to make a run for it if you want to leave this place behind.,false
    room:r16,shoes,Open area stretching out with mountains rising to the east,true
        equipment:s1,shoes,Running shoes,false,own,placeholder,ex16,You put your shoes on
        exit:ex16,east,A path going east,r17,true
        exit:ex15,north,A path going north,r15,false
    room:f17,story line,A zombie stands in your path blocking the way to freedom. You don't have much time eliminate the threat and make your escape before anything else stands in your way.,false
    room:r17,zombie,Your pathway to freedom,true
        equipment:s2,sword,Sword with a diamond tip that can cut through anything,false,kill zombie,z1,ex17,You have killed the zombie!!
        container:z1,zombie,Green zombie,false
        exit:ex17,east,The home stretch,r18,true
        exit:ex15,west,A path going west,r16,false
    room:r18,final,final,true